Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment and answer the prompts.

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

Test your `ping` and `traceroute` programs on 4 target hosts, each on a different continent and include the output below.


For this assignmnet, I was really lost on where even to start until I went to TA hours.  I read over the instructions and read the ICMPpinger file to understand what the intention of the program was.  TA Phuong helped me with the bits/bytes conversion to extract the header from the packet, and I used the python documentation for the struct function to unpack the packet and get the start time.  After part one, I had a better understanding of part two, which doesn't completely work.  I've created a socket, but I think I'm not creating the packet correctly since when printing the socket it appears to be empty.  When I tried adding the ID section to the header, I wasn't sure what to pass in for it so I left it out to allow the program to run without any errors.  It helped a lot to add print statements as checkpoints to make sure my program was running how I intended at each step.  I would advise someone taking this course in the future to do the same and to get help if they're stuck.
For my ping program, I tested it on IP addresses in North America, Asia, Europe, and Australia.  The data I collected is: smith.edu [131.229.65.117] 0 seconds, quay.com.au [103.27.34.37] 0.22 seconds, louvre.fr [89.185.38.196] 0.09 seconds, and hotelkeihan.co.jp [133.67.123.209] 0.20 seconds.  IP addresses in North America and Europe had faster RTTs than Asia and Australia.  